Documentation update (#99)
eclipse-velocitas/velocitas-docs: content/en/docs/concepts/deployment_model/vehicle_app_releases/_index.md

- **Stage 2 - Release**
  Once the application is ready to be released in a new version, a dedicated release workflow is automatically executed as soon as you create a new release via GitHub.

>   The release workflow bundles all relevant images and artifacts into one tagged set of files and pushs it to the GitHub Container Registry. In addition, all the information needed for quality assurance and documentation are published as release artifacts. The image in GitHub Container Registry can be used in your preferred  Over-The-Air (OTA) update system of your choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The release workflow bundles all relevant images and artifacts into one tagged set of files and pushes it to the GitHub Container Registry. In addition, all the information needed for quality assurance and documentation is published as release artifacts on GitHub. The image pushed to the GitHub Container Registry can be afterwards be deployed on your target system using the Over-The-Air (OTA) update system of your choice.
```

> The drawing below illustrates the different workflows, actions and artifacts that are automatically created for you. All workflows are intended as a sensible baseline and can be extended and adapted to your own projects needs.

Reviewer: It's genitive
```suggestion
The drawing below illustrates the different workflows, actions and artifacts that are automatically created for you. All workflows are intended as a sensible baseline and can be extended and adapted to the needs of your own project.
```

![Workflows](./publish_container.png)

## CI Workflow (ci.yml)

The `Continuous Integration (CI) workflow` is triggered on every commit to the main branch or when creating/updating a pull request and contains a set of actions to achieve the following objectives:

> - **Building a container for the app** - actions create a containerized version of the Vehicle App.

Reviewer: Shouldn't we mention, that it's multi targeted?
Also, "version" could be misleading. Better is "image" or "variant"
```suggestion
- **Building a container for the app** - actions create a containerized (mulit-target) image of the Vehicle App.
```

Reviewer 2: The Ci workflow only produces a tar of the AMD64 image. I added the multi-architecture pipeline and changed the description accordingly. Please check again

- **Publish as GitHub pages** - all information from the release together with the project documentation is built as a static page using hugo. The result is pushed to a separate branch and can be published as a GitHub page in your repository.
- **Pull & label container image** - actions pull the Vehicle App container image based on the current commit hash from the GitHub artifacts and label it with the specified tag version. If the image cannot be found, the workflow will fail.
- **Push container image to ghcr.io** - finally the labeled container image is pushed to the [GitHub container registry](ghcr.io) and can be used as a deployment source.

## GitHub Actions artifacts

**GitHub Actions artifacts** are used for storing data, which is generated by the `CI workflow` and referenced by the `Release workflow`. This saves time during workflow runs because we don't have to create artifacts multiple times.

> GitHub Actions artifacts always have a retention period, which is 90 days by default. This may be configured differently in the specific GitHub organization. After this period, the QA info gets purged automatically. In this case, a re-run of the CI workflow would be required to regenerate all QA info needed for creating a Release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub Actions artifacts always have a retention period, which is 90 days by default. This may be configured differently in the specific GitHub organization. After this period, the QA info gets purged automatically. In this case, a re-run of the CI workflow would be required to regenerate all QA info needed for creating a release.
```

## Container Registry

The [GitHub container registry](ghcr.io) is used for storing container images pushed by the `Release workflow`. These images can easily be used for a deployment and don't have a retention period.

> Since that the registry does not have an automatic cleanup and keeps container images as long as they are not deleted. It is recommended that you automate the removal of older images to limit storage size and costs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the registry does not have an automatic cleanup, it keeps container images as long as they are not deleted. It is recommended that you automate the removal of older images to limit storage size and costs.
```
